thank you all for not sleeping in after
I heard all about all the great fun last
night I figured that you know Lauren and
I would be the only ones here so thank
you for for joining us um what my hope
is and I'm very pleased to be with all
of you and Mii today my hope is that I
can in our short time today get you to
think a little differently especially
about consumers especially about my
world which is the supermarket and
especially about Trends so what I want
to do is get
started by showing you an actual
advertisement from about a hundred years
ago it's a picture of a hog with a
child's head on the body says makes
children and adults as fat as pigs no
cure no pay price 50 cents Groves
tasteless chill tonic on the market over
20 years 50 cents 100 years ago we're
talking about a very expensive product
here anybody want to take a guess what's
in that bottle just yell it
out
water sugar
watery whiskey we know what you were
doing last
night any other guesses cocaine
cocaine fat it was actually large
there's a picture of my dad and one of
my grandfather's milk trucks uh my
grandfather was a Dairy Farmer and my
dad taught me the most valuable less
than ever that the supermarket was my
laboratory it was my play thing that I
could go into a supermarket and I visit
10 to 15 supermarkets every week no
matter where I am and I could learn
everything about the people in that area
and just never to be scared to walk up
to them and ask them questions for me
the food World our future rests in what
I call the three C's catering to health
and wellness creating a convenient and
wow experience
and celebrating food preparation and
taste whether it be a manufacturer a
farmer or a retailer